healthcare costs are rising limitlessly
recently a report revealed that India's
medical inflation rate reaching 14% is
now one of the highest in Asia then why
should your health coverage be limited
but don't worry now you can access
Quality Health Care Services without the
stress of increasing medical expenses
consult doctors and hospitals as per
your need without compromising on cost
or quality and live everyday unlimited
with ICICI Lombards Max protect health
insurance a contemporary health plan
that gives you unlimited coverage at an
affordable premium yes that's right
unlimited coverage with a choice of two
plant Max protect classic and Max
protect premium Max protect Classic Plan
covers hospital stays with pre and post
hospitalization costs ambulance services
anywhere in India even treatments that
don't require hospitalizations can be
done at home and that's not all the
Classic Plan also covers modern
treatments right from stem cell therapy
to robotic surgeries organ transplant
expenses ause treatments while also
offering you unlimited renewal of
coverage and bonuses for every year your
policy goes claim-free all this at
pocket friendly premium
can it get any better yes it can
presenting Max protect premium that
includes all the previously listed
features along with exclusive advantages
such as coverage for treatment and
hospitalizations outside India coverage
for air ambulance services in
emergencies coverage for expenses
towards
consumables coverage for preventive
Health checkups a coverage for second
opinion of critical illnesses and we
still haven't maxed out on the benefits
yet whether you choose Max protect
classic or Max protect premium our
products are designed to meet your every
Healthcare need your comfort will always
come first with our anywhere cashless
facility you choose the hospital that
aligns with your Healthcare needs
anywhere in India we will also assist
you in Booking ambulance and availing
discounts on medical expenses not
feeling well but don't want to visit a
doctor don't worry free unlimited telec
consultation is available get unlimited
coverage not just for you but also for
your entire family be a surgery a
critical illness or an emergency medical
care we ensure you and your family are
fully covered with unlimited Su insured
so now when it comes to securing your
health never settle for less Live Life
unlimited with ICI Lombards Max
[Music]
protect